1. To implement LastPlayBot, I added one field and one method to the Player class - an Element 
   representing the opponent's last play and a setter method for that variable, called setLast().
   In the Main class when running the program, I called the setter method to set the last play
   after every move: 
   player1.setLast(play2) //set the opponent's last move field for player 1 to player 2's last move
   player2.setLast(play1) //set the opponent's last move field for player 2 to player 1's last move
   
   This allowed me to use proper Java encapsulation and elements of this extended into MyBot. The
   play() method in LastPlayBot simply returned the inherited field oppLastPlay, for the opponent's
   last play.
   
2. The strategy I used for MyBot was an extension of a known strategy of Rock, Paper Scissors: if
   you win, you switch to the move that beats your last move; if you lose or tie, you switch to the
   move that would beat your opponent's last move (evidently this has been proven statistically to 
   be a good strategy). So, my code does this but randomly picks between the "opposite" moves
   available; since every move in Rock, Paper, Scissors, Lizard, Spock has two moves that beats
   it, I had to pick one. I had to add a field to player that keeps track of whether the last 
   hand won or not, and a method to update this value. Then, in Main, I updated the win value
   after every round's winner was determined. In the MyBot class, I added a helper method to
   find the opposite of a play, which was either the Bot's last play if it had one or the 
   opponent's last play if it tied or lost.
   
3. Java generally employs static typing for constants and expressions. Expression types are inferred 
   from the corresponding operators and operands in the expression. Static binding happens at compile 
   time, in order to assure types are accounted for and correctly used before the program is allowed 
   to run. The only time Java uses dynamic binding is in the case of overridden methods; however, 
   when this happens, type checking is still done at compilation - the binding just does not happen 
   until runtime. That is, the type checking system will not allow a programmer to override a method
   but use incorrect types. Also worthy of note is that overloaded methods are bound at compile time, 
   while overridden methods are bound at runtime. This all being the case, it is apparent that Java 
   uses strong typing and therefore guarantees type compatibility, though it could be argued that this
   allows less flexibility. The strong typing does give the programmer a structure to work with, though.
   Java has four kinds of types: primitive types, such as int, short, long, byte, char, float,
   double, and boolean; null types, corresponding to the value null; array types; and class types,
   which are types of objects. Class types are defined by the programmer, and are generally treated
   the same as other objects in the language. However, classes allow having subclasses, which inherit
   from the parent class and contain a superset of functions, since the parent functionality is also
   inherited. This allows subclasses to be more specific than parent classes, which is a hallmark of
   Java's object-oriented language design. This polymorphism requires Java to have type information
   available at runtime, however, and therefore to allow explicit runtime type checking. So, though
   Java is generally referred to as a statically typed language, it is not without some dynamic typing.
   ---Extra sources: https://beginnersbook.com/2013/04/java-static-dynamic-binding/
   https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccs.neu.edu%2Fhome%2Friccardo%2Fcourses%2Fcsu370-fa07%2Flect4.pdf&pdf=true

4. When I pit two of the same bots against each other, they always tie save for the RandomBot,
   which makes sense since they all have the same initial conditions. I can generally beat the
   bots since I know their strategies and what they will start on, though I mess up occasionally
   since I am still getting the hang of the game. RandomBot is the most difficult to consistently
   beat. The bots with simple strategies of course exhibit expected trends, i.e. they play how 
   they are supposed to. When guessing randomly at plays, I often tie with the bots, or the game 
   is close. When I employ the strategy I used for MyBot against RandomBot, I lose fairly
   frequently, so perhaps it is not such a winning strategy after all. Against the other bots, 
   StupidBot actually doesn't always do very badly. 

5. As stated by the article, against a truly random opponent, there isn't a strategy that can give
   one an advantage. However, algorithms have been designed to beat human players, since human
   players are non-random and often employ certain strategies. Therefore, the answer sort of
   depends on the opponent. Since the game is a simultaneous, zero-sum game, the player lacks
   complete information about the outcome of the game. Since each move has two moves it beats and
   two moves that defeat it, there is not a dominated strategy to win; all moves have a similar
   payoff. Designing a strategy more likely to win is impossible against a truly random opponent,
   but against a human would conceivably be possible by analyzing their moves statistically, like
   what the algorithms do.

6. The biggest thing I like about Java is it's familiarity - it was my first language, so most of 
   my personal paradigms come from Java. I like the object orientation and encapsulation practices.
   I also like how many libraries are available; though Java does have a lot of boilerplate syntax,
   it has libraries for a wide variety of functions, so it balances out a little. It is overall a
   good way to learn about object orientation concepts.

7. As I hinted at, I do not like the boilerplate syntax required of setting up a Java program. A lot
   of things take almost twice as long to setup as they do in Python or Ruby. Sometimes, I will spend
   a lot of time searching the Internet for a solution to a problem that turns out to be a small syntax
   error with a useless compiler method. That is frustrating.

8. I liked this lab - a big part was because the concepts were familiar, but I still felt like I learned
   something about the language and about object orientation. However, I did not have to spend a vast 
   amount of time learning the syntax like I did for the Ruby and ML labs. I liked finally getting to be
   familiar with Rock, Paper, Scissors, Lizard, Spock as well. The only part that I did not like so much
   was some of the ways the program was set up, such as using the Outcome class - at first, I really did
   not understand what was going to go into that. However, I built it to the best of my understanding and
   eventually figured out how to use it, so it wasn't a big deal.

9. Probably a good 10ish hours; less than the other labs for sure, but I still spent a decent amount of time
   making sure things were how they should be and functioning correctly.

10. Java was my first programming language and I have used it very often, both in classes, out of classes,
    and in my undergraduate research. So, objectively I have 3 years of experience with it, though that can
    vary. I feel very comfortable using Java for most applications, sans GUI projects.